Online Scrapbooks
Home
Getting Started
Scrapbooking Tips
Supply List
Online Classes
Sample Pages
Online Store
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Your Account
Order Status
Wish List
Customer Service
About Us
Newsletter
FAQ
Contact Us
Samples from Online Scrapbooks
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a fantastic tool to add layout to your websites. It can save you a lot of time and it enables you to design websites in a completely new way. CSS is a must for anyone working with web design.

This tutorial will get you started with CSS in just a few hours. It is easy to understand and it will teach you all the sophisticated techniques.

Learning CSS is fun. As you go along through the tutorial, remember to take enough time to properly experiment with what you learn in each lesson.

sample page


Scrapbooking is the practice of combining photos, memorabilia, and stories in an album, preserving memories for future generations. In recent years, scrapbooking has become a $300 million dollar industry as the public has discovered the joys of creating albums for families and friends. Online Scrapbooks is here to help you with all of your scrapbooking needs.
Preserving Your Memories

Scrapbook albums have existed since the beginning of photography. However, the sad fact is that photographs and most printed material are not permanent: they will fade and yellow with age. Scrapbookers of today are aware of these problems, and the industry is providing remedies to minimize deterioration. For the best results, avoid using materials with high acid content which can cause photos and paper to deteriorate. Another thing to avoid is lignin, a material that is the bonding element inwood fibers. Over time, paper with lignin will become yellow and brittle, so you should only use lignin-free products.

Your albums should contain page protectors to shield the pages from smudges, oil, and dirt that can be transferred from your hands. You should never use albums with sticky "magnetic" pages. The sticky substance will be transferred to the photo and backing paper causing deterioration. Never crop Polaroid photos: they will curl and fall apart. Mount all memorabilia on acid-free cardstock paper, and photocopy all newspaper clippings on acid-free paper.


Basic Materials

Acid-free paper, card stock, and stickers

Acid-free pen, markers, and adhesive

Acid-free memory book album

Straight and pattern edge scissors

Photos and photo corners

• Paper punches

• Journalling templates

Decorative embellishments