Home The Corn Maze The Haunted Maze Petting Barn Produce 
The Haunted Maze
 Back for another year, every night, the Sunny Acres Corn Maze becomes the Sunny Acres Haunted Maze. This season's maze begins with an encounter with an evil organist (played by the Council Bluff Choir's own Glenn Frye). Explore the maze and find the zombie graveyard, the pumpkin tower, and a haunted house made of corn, not to mention the spiders, ghosts, witches, and other assorted villainy that inhabit the maze. 

The Haunted Maze is open the last three weekends of October with a special event on Halloween. Come early in the day to explore the larger Corn Maze, stay for a homemade meal of brats and burgers, soda, and chips, and then participate in the Halloween Festival. Special stations will be set up in the Haunted Maze for trick-or-treaters. A smaller maze is also available that is "scare-friendly" for younger children.

Hours
Open 5 pm - 9 pm on October 14, 15, 21, 22, 28, and 29 
Halloween Festival October 31 from 3 pm - 9 pm 
Admission
12 and over: $8.50 
6 - 11: $6.50 
Under 6: $2.50 
Sunny Acres  ?  Tammy & Brent Nielsen  ?  1977 Highway G  ?  Council Bluffs, IA    51503 


Welcome to the Sunny Acres Corn Maze. We first heard about mazes from agricultural exchange students who came from England in 1985. In Europe, mazes are very popular in castle gardens. After hearing about the mazes in Europe, we thought it would be a great idea to build one of our own right outside of Council Bluffs

Since 1997, thousands of people have enjoyed our Com Mazes. We hope that your family gets as much enjoyment out of this year's Com Maze as we did building it! Our family would like to invite your family to come out and visit us at this year's Corn Maze and AutumnFest

Our new 15-acre maze (with over 4 miles of trails to explore) is filled with twist and turns that's good fun for adults and kids alike! See how adventurous you are as you wind through the maze while taking an interactive quiz. Answer the questions correctly and receive additional clues to solve the maze. For famišes with young children, our maze is filled with jokes, riddles and quests. Try to be the first in your group to punch out your quest card by visiting the secret spots. This maze is the perfect size and height for little ones, Resting places and educational displays are scattered throughout

There is no water available in the maze. Make sure you bring water bottles with you! No one under the age of 12 will be allowed in the maze without an adult at any time
 Hours

Open August 3 through November 11

Fridays: 5 pm-9pm

Saturdays: 11 am-9pm

Sundays: 11 am-5pm

Open Labor Day 11 am-5pm

• School Field Trip Week: October 24-October 28, 9 am-3 pm

Admission

Age 12 and Over: $5.50

Ages 6-11:$3.50

Ages 5 and under free